gh-125004: fix unpickling for dataclasses in a cycle via hashing (#125005)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-05-10-24-48.gh-issue-125004.noUctj.rst

> fixes unpickling for dataclasses with hash-based data structures in their
> descendants in the presence of cycles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix unpickling for :mod:`dataclasses` with hash-based data structures in their
descendants in the presence of cycles.
```
